here's three easy ways you can make
yourself feel a lot better as you age
number one move more a lot of us spend a
lot of time at our desk at work just
sitting in one static posture but you've
been lied to because good posture is not
good posture and neither is bad posture
because your next posture is your best
posture just remember motion is lotion
set a timer if you have to and move
every 5 to 10 minutes number two adopt
an exercise routine even if it is just
your body weight which you might be
super surprised to find out you can do a
lot with just your body weight and
finally number three when was the last
time you clapped your hands behind your
back when was the last time you tried to
just hold a deep squat even if it is
difficult when was the last time you
jumped seriously think back and try to
remember it one day you're going to do
those things for the last time in your
life and you might not even know when it
is I have free ebooks stay flexing haha